topic (docs): [security]  update to new recommendations experience (#98)
mspnp/aks-baseline-regulated: docs/deploy/09-pre-cluster-stamp.md

   To see the scan results in Microsoft Defender for Cloud, perform the following actions:

   1. Open the [Microsoft Defender for Cloud's **Recommendations** page](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Security/SecurityMenuBlade/5).
   1. Click **Add filter**, select `Resource Type` and check **Container Images**.
   1. Click on the first listed recommendation with title **Container images in Azure registry should have vulnerability findings resolved**.
   1. Click **View recommendations for all resources**.
   1. Expand **Affected resources**.

>    In here, you can see which container images are **Unhealthy** (had a scan detection), and **Healthy** (was scanned, but didn't result in any alerts), **Unverified** (was unable to be scanned), and **Not applicable resources** (was unable to be scanned for a particular reason). Unfortunately, Microsoft Defender for containers is [unable to scan all artifacts types](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/defender-for-container-registries-introduction#availability). Also, because your container registry is exposed exclusively through Private Link, you won't get a list of those Unverified images listed here. Microsoft Defender for containers is only full-featured with non-network restricted container registries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In here, you can see the status of each container images:
    - **Unhealthy**, which means a scan detected a problem with the image.
    - **Healthy**, which means the image was scanned, but didn't result in any problems.
    - **Unverified**, which means the image couldn't be scanned.
    - **Not applicable resources**, which means that the image was unable to be scanned for a particular reason.
   
   Unfortunately, Microsoft Defender for containers is [unable to scan all artifacts types](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/defender-for-container-registries-introduction#availability). Also, because your container registry is exposed exclusively through Private Link, you won't get a list of those Unverified images listed here. Microsoft Defender for containers is only full-featured with non-network restricted container registries.
```
